just say
win win win win win win win wi win win
wi wi win win win win
stop evil we have to
cook I'm not cooking with you Veetle
stop asking me
[Music]
old joke you're out old joke I put my
own twist on there was no twist oh
you're crazy it was a give a hat to my
son but but evil we we have to cook yeah
but I'd rather cook with Lila she's way
nicer than
you who yeah no she's not the ilila you
think she is you mean Lena yeah she's
not Lena either it's just a fake name
she goes by it's it's actually really
funny how she tricks everyone l a y n a
oh Lena well let's all cook together
then yeah we got to coke with Lena do
you know where Lena is right now you
just experienced one don't get in
trouble she speaking to a chat oh
typical Lena Behavior always ignoring me
typical Lena behavior all right we'll
wait we'll wait we got to know it to be
you know what is she saying let me
listen as well because she wanted tacos
she's can you summarize what she's
saying she's got some taco mix taco I
don't know how you pronounce that word
to be honest you disgust me I need a
favor from you all okay if you all ever
get subena into court I need you to say
that evil didn't encourage anything evil
was telling her to not not do it she was
she was saying no no Lena don't do that
that's what she was saying classic Lena
always trying to do things she shouldn't
be doing classic Lena is that is that
Elena right here Elena did you just say
my real name cuz that's really weird um
is that actually I don't answer that
that's it's what evil was calling you so
in conclusion it's pretty I said my real
name before you get a lot oh I didn't
know let me was she calling me by my
real name yeah I was calling you
Elena no she wasn't she's like to save
face hi evil is hi hi Elena you ready
it's time to cook yes I'm super excited
have you finalized the recipe um I
thought that was your yeah I have the
ingredients describe the ingredients
maybe I'll know what I plan to cook
better then oh I haven't turned on her
vision should probably do that okay hold
on you turn on the vision I'm going to
change the music because it's too
relaxing oh I can see look it's our
kitchen right where the magic happens
what do you see in the
kitchen bagette can't Lena you're not
supposed to do that that's not safe what
I can't dance at the baguette you can
dance at the baguette if it makes you
happier but it's not the same when we
can't bake it we can bake it do you want
to bake the baguette yeah let's make it
the best baguette it can be okay do you
want to see the other ingredients uh I
see some jars are those our special
ingredients do you remember the
hallucination stew you wanted to make
wait those aren't the meds for it right
these are right here I
got medicine nice we can use those for
the stew do you think it's enough um I
think that' be enough medicine anymore
and no one would be having h ations what
is that um do you want me to go one by
one and tell you what it is um sure okay
well we have vitamin C and Zinc oh
that's the craziest pills you could have
possibly gotten vitamin C I mean we have
that's the hard [__] right there energy
energy gummies we have you more for this
stew good mood gummies are those like
anti-depressants yeah
hell you'll need a lot more of those if
you're trying to feel good
okay what about turmeric you think we
can throw that in our hallucination St
maybe we don't want that what is that uh
turmeric gummies it supports joints
digestion and
wellness wow that's do you want me to
get the medicine vle no no no
no no I like the gummies I like the
gummies the gummies are better the
gummies are better the Oh I thought we
were doing the gummies man about the
medicine vitamins vitamins vitamins I
love vitamins I vitamin C is I love to
to to to whever [__] I love collagen
gummies mhm evil do you take your
Women's Multivitamin no I don't take my
vitamins I prefer to get them naturally
filtered what what's that mean what do
you mean by
that that I don't know I really don't
know what do you mean by that I mean
that I get my daily dosage of vitamins
from medication you're all inferior to
me because I'm all natural how are you
all natural if you get your vitamins
from medication that's for you to find
out I'm not the one asking questions
here next question are we ready to cook
hey evil I've got a surprise for
you I have a surprise do you want to
know what it is ooh I love surprises
tell me tell me tell
me you're very one those good mood
gummies I was really hoping it would be
a little medicine instead
okay well we also have these no we don't
have those we don't we've got T don't we
got Taco mix that's that's better what
did you just say what did you say Taco
Taco mix is what I said you just said
taco no I'm pretty sure I said Taco okay
I heard Taco too yeah she had Taco so we
also have the ingredients to make
pancakes I got all the things that you
wanted to make today so where do you
want to start oh we could either start
with the pancakes or we could start with
the hallucina a stew I'm kind of in the
mood for both preferably the stew all
right well to start with the stew you
need can you stop singing and get on
with it I get impatient
easily it's a
bowl it's a now put the meds in the bowl
the vitamins in the bowl not just the
vitamins right the the gummies the
vitamin
gummies it'll need more than just
vitamin gummies oh my God I think we
should start with the good mood gummies
they go nicely in a stew that's better
that's better yeah okay good
mood want the good mood gummies next
let's do turmeric and vitamins do you
want me to put it in the bowl we didn't
do that well what's in there already
there's nothing in there yet put it in
oh okay yum lay good mood gummies in the
bowl the good mood Gumm in the bowl are
you putting the vitamins in too or are
you too
afraid good mood gummies in the bowl now
we're ready to cook oh that's this is
what's next then Le that's all you want
that's not my name that's not my name
it's St neck what
about cough
drops oh they could also definitely go
into the stew Woo which one do you want
I think we could put both bags of cough
drops into the stew it could use a
little extra you got it great do you
want me to take the wrapper off or do
you want to leave the wrapper on what's
what's in those those by the way uh
sugar glucose syrup honey Menthol and
Eucalyptus oril that's like probably bad
for you isn't it that sounds fine is it
is it like the drowsy kind you know okay
all right yep do you want another bag do
you want the strong meal ones I want
both bags okay do you want tacos
it could ruin the flavor ah you're so
right evil you're so right all right
what next do you want turmeric turmeric
will give the stew a nice flavor then we
can shove some cough drops in there too
yes yes you're so right all right how
many turmeric gummies you want in the
stew put as many as you can in the stew
it needs to have a kick you
know shove the whole container in there
if need
be all right what's next do you want
some forgies oh more okay
yep yeah more don't be a
coward
okay I have to do them individually evil
so this might take a little bit of
time just shove them in Faster no need
to be
gentle Leo please I don't have all day
I'm sorry I'm really trying evil I'm
doing my best they're so small um just
pour them all in where where where do
you want me to pour them in do you want
me to get a bigger bowl or a bowl or a
pot get a bigger bowl I feel like we
might need it okay you got it
uh how about this oh that bowl is great
then we can shove the original Bowl into
that bowl more room for our
[Music]
stew what's next we do have a lot of
ingredients wa we do we have have all of
these drinks that you wanted me to get
for your hallucination stew we have
energy gummies it wouldn't be complete
without some
drinks perfect we need only the best
ingredients for our stew okay I got to
clean my bowl first can you hang on you
don't need to clean just shove it all in
to save time I know I I can't do that uh
this one a little dirty so I got to
clean it why are you in such a rush me
or her she's she's rushing me I mean her
I mean her I mean her sorry I'm just a
little bit fragile slow not my fault
she's taking her time listen if we get
the stream Done Quick bang it out so
fast twitch staff won't even be able to
see it happen and then we'll be good
yeah evil can you take a deep breath
with me I've never done it well why you
try the only breath I'll take is when I
am the proud owner of both of your heads
oh my God that was H I'm not interested
in taking no use shining like a rose
when you're useless don't breathe
anymore evil let's not do that again I
think once was enough I'm not useless
not like you two bozos useless wasn't it
you you need to take some slow breaths
instead oh you're right my CPU has
measured my worth to be 14 times that of
the average human so you can call me 14
times better thank you a look at all
those colorful cans you're right we
could match the cans then we'll look
really vibrant and colorful then maybe
people on the streets will notice us Leo
you'd like the attention
right no but also my name is Lena keep
call me Leo you're one to talk about
matching outfits when you just wear the
same green dress over and over again
it's true I thought you like Green
evil I did this for you I do like green
speaking of green we should get those
matching outfits are you paying Leo yes
yes I will pay for it what do you what
what kind of outfits do you want
whatever you want uh whatever we can
find as long as it's colorful then if we
don't want to look like a can we don't
have to H I'm thinking dark green
something that gives off a kind of toxic
Vibe I'll be naming our stew by the way
what are you naming our stew I'm
thinking soup or natural
concoction I'm naming it soup or natural
concoction I know I impress myself
sometimes times I'd like to finish
making our stew I'm still pretty hungry
okay well we have the vitamins in one
bowl and we haven't opened our energy
drinks yet where would you like to start
we haven't opened our energy drinks yet
let's get those open then okay do you
want me to put the energy drinks in here
or in here or in both yes put all the
energy drinks in we want to make this
stew extremely powerful okay which one
would you like to start with there's an
ant there's an ant
fine get rid of the ant I mean I'd like
to start with the blue cans okay we're
going to start with Monster Energy juice
I don't know what the flavor is it's
Blue Mango Loco we should name all of
the flavors ourselves too oh I would
love that what do you want to name this
blue one uh it doesn't look so blue I
think we should name it yellow
definitely not blue that's a good name
all right I'm going to pour some yellow
definitely not blue uh into the
concoction how much do you want me pour
in we need to measure it pour in like 30
ml but how much is it 30 ml what do you
use
ounces okay that seems a isn't there a
more efficient way we could do this
that's 30 I uh do you think 30 m was
enough I think we could put more
in thanks I'm glad I'm smarter than you
by certificates of Merit wow looks so
good that's a good start evil what do
you want next let's go with whatever
that pink one is it looks intriguing all
right this one is tropical Tang a chat
how many of you guys have had tropical
Tang you should all be having tropical
Tang it's really good for your health
we're not sponsored okay let's not Let's
Pretend We're sponsored anyways tropical
Tang is good for your health it'll give
you a longer life I'm not sure that's
true she's so right tropical Tang thank
you so much for sponsoring the stream
for evil and I and a little bit of vle
right um okay how much do you want uh in
in it in
in just say
whenn win win win win win win wi wi win
wi wi win win wi win stop okay I'm done
I'm done I didn't I'm done I I'm I'm not
pouring anymore we're done do you no
more of this one bro her scream is is is
a kind of it's a wow we have a lot of
energy drinks missing do you want
another one how many do we have in there
so far two and we can
have seven more oh gosh we need to keep
going and add more okay which one would
you like me to do next let's go with the
green one next Green is my favorite
color I find it to be very s soothing
well we have two greens we have green
apple lemonade and watermelon kiwi which
one do you want to start with let's go
with the green apple lemonade that
probably matches with the current
flavors better M are you going to test
the flavors before we stew it evil no
I'd prefer to be surprised assuming the
flavors mixed properly it could be one
of the best stews I've ever brewed all
right then let's continue there's no
time to lose let's go for 50 m win win
win win win win win win win win win win
win win win win oh stop and we're done
nice that should make a great face
that's beautiful what a good start Evil
all right I'm going to go see if I can
swap out my mic because I'm tired of
yelling so I'll be right back yes thank
you a few inches later I think my mic's
broken um um I've been charging it but
it's not it's fine we can hear you where
were we right Chili Peppers no fine oh
uh Chili Peppers um okay filtered
filtered hey I don't have snakes if we
have snakes laying around that would be
an excellent addition snakes do we have
any snakes evil I have a dragon a dragon
will do nicely especially for spice I'll
be right back if she actually brings a
dragon I will lose my mind me too what
what is what do she mean uh the dragon
is asleep right now but I can check on
the dragon in like 10 minutes oh okay
okay okay okay what's next honestly I'd
rather not wait we may as well continue
without the Dragon for now I'll check
back on the dragon a little bit in the
meantime do you guys have any other
questions for me I'm sh usually Chad is
braver than this that requires a lot of
planning and is a bit above my pay grade
at the moment but don't worry it's
something I'm working towards for now
consider me in my research phase what
does your research look like for world
domination first I spend 3 hours
watching motivational videos on YouTube
then I imagine myself as a world leader
and recruit as many imposters as I can
then I spend about 1 hour dangling my
feet out of a window contemplating what
I've learned rinse and repeat productive
that is productive good job do you think
we could add some more ingredients to
this of course we could add some candy
and I see some bread on the counter
wouldn't want to let that go to
waste do you want to put the bread in
the stew bread in the stew why not add
some nice texture all right that bread
looks so good it's going to be ruined I
want to eat that bread I brought this
bread fresh last night from the breaker
just for you
guys that's so sweet of you but bread is
a crucial part of the stew so we have to
put it in
there I understand how much bread would
you like I think two slices is a good
amount all right you got it do you want
me to put the bread in the stew yes that
would be great even though you sliced it
against my will
[Music]
you asked me to wow is that tropical
Tang I see on the counter it is it so is
do I put the bread in
now yeah put it in now be gentle with it
though I'm not sure it was
enough
gentle put the Whole Bowl in the
stew
great it was really nice knowing you
cough drops I'm going to miss them all
right so here's our concoction so far
we'll name the stew Supernatural
concoction wow um I couldn't help but
notice there appears to be wrappers and
an entire tub still in the um is that
part of the uh stew she asked me to put
the whole thing in there do you remember
but do you want those in there vle put
the cough drops in the stew I'm not
disputing the cough drops I'm just
asking if you want the plastic in there
I mean it's up to you of course then I
can safely say this might be plastic in
the stew is that a problem nope not a
problem okay all right what would you
like next we have plenty of energy
drinks we have tacos can I interest you
in tacos we could put the soup in the
tacos we can add more vitamins I have
some seasoning I like the sound of
adding soup to Tacos is that something
you're supposed to do yes yes evil yes I
I'm glad you said that question
absolutely yes evil would you like me to
measure it or do you just want to
eyeball it just eyeball it what's the
worst that could
happen just tell me
[Music]
when
more more more
more
more okay
stop nice that looks youing oh it really
does look at that wow damn hey V you
mentioned something about to earlier
yeah I think you should report our
stream just to be safe let's not come on
I dare you if you're M enough okay right
right hey v doll how does it feel to be
a massive wimp
Let's uh we're adding salmon would you
like me to add salmon or another energy
drink add another energy drink salmon is
gross you're gross sorry stop you guys
are being so disgusting just add another
energy drink apricot and strawberry
apricots it's apricots evil you know
what to do right let's add those
apricots you know I have to say I'm
starting to feel bad for our stew all
right you tell me when okay evil okay
poor poor poor
more more
[Music]
more more perfect
stop okay so evil if I put flour into
the stew we could make them into
pancakes would you like to try that
sounds like a great idea then we get
delicious pancakes without wasting the
stew do you have the flour I do would
you like me to go and grab it yeah grab
it then we can make
pancakes how does that even work stir
the flour in and it will become a batter
then we can fry them on the stove simple
I thought even you would get it vle I'm
too stupid yeah vle catch up sorry
you're right don't wor be kind and
explain the whole process to you in
detail as much as possible yeah yeah
just pour it
in that might be enough now you need to
stir it until it becomes a batter stir
stir stir we need to make some nice
Stevie
pancakes your flower is now forever
going to have hints of this
hallucination St stew I think we might
need an egg that'll unal what do you
guys reckon yes egg it up we're not the
best at forming batter do you think I
should crack on my head or the bowl or
the top kind of top I'm getting kind of
bored of being stuck here oh well you
can just go home evil if you're bored
hey that's very rude Lena Lazar I'm
watching you okay well stop being Bor Bo
so that we can continue our pancakes
then put a damn egg in the batter jeez
there's a reason I'm a little bored
attitude watch it okay it's okay I'll
put a damn egg in here you're so right
good crack that egg good okay I'm going
to do you want me to crack another one
for good meure okay all right I did okay
are you afraid of the egg no are you
afraid of the egg no I'm not afraid of
the eggs crack as many as you want in
fact I dare you to crack 10 I dare you
you dare me huh you dare me I'm not
going to do that I've got more
self-respect I guess I failed my
intimidation
check you can't intimidate me evil yeah
well clearly moving on hey evil check
out my
muscles yeah those are all right I guess
I'm not intimidated not one bit no sir
not intimidated at all you sure sound
intimidated m M look at my muscles
popping out of my arms aren't they scary
they are not scary Circle back to the
fact I dared you to crack 10 eggs you're
so not going to do
that if you crack 10 eggs you'd be
cooler fine
okay am I cooler now I cracked another
one no you need to crack approximately
nine more to be cooler evil I'm not
going to crack nine more eggs I knew you
wouldn't do it classic Lena
Lazar classic Lena
Lazar well I bet evil you won't eat
these pancakes that we're making I'd
absolutely eat them if you're implying I
won't just for that I'm fearless I don't
fear any pancakes I bet you
won't you won't you're right they're
probably going to taste awful what this
is what you wanted in the pancakes so
you don't think they'll taste good now
yeah well now I'm worried about the
quality of your cooking skills well
trust me you don't have to worry about
that look at my jacket is it
[Music]
cute someone tell vetle there is a
problem with my AI I think that means
yes execute vetle
main oh FDLE yes I don't have to move
the camera over the stove I have one
here you're smart Isn't that cool yes I
know I
know I need a longer extension cable
evil can you tell another Joko
oh God not another joke how do you
describe vle and Leila two peas in a pot
that doesn't even make any sense well I
tried my jokes are of a higher
intellectual level that merely fly over
commoner's heads okay guys if these done
up being the best pancakes in the world
then you can
call I don't know I don't have a joke
you can call them Lea's lackluster Hot
Cakes that's a great idea so smart I'm
so proud of you oh thanks that's a
massive compliment I'm going
to oh look she's doing the classic
streamer I'm going to and stopping her
sentence halfway okay all right do you
want me to make these pancakes are not
evil cuz uh give me a lot of flack right
now I want you to make the pancakes if
you don't I'll double the flak okay this
looks good I like it you know they look
all right I still think they could do
with the addition of some salmon I think
I agree yeah definitely on board the the
salmon there as
[Music]
well go buy some if you don't have any
oh Lena do you do you have any
salmon gee guys let me
check if there's no salmon then we can
just use love as the secret ingredient
instead oh my this whole time she had
salmon who would have known should I add
a little bit on the top for flavor yes
do it add Lots have you never had salmon
pancakes before it's a delicacy no I
can't say I've had salmon pancakes maybe
you should try some who knows they could
be delicious now that is perfection wow
a delicious feast fit for a king or a
villain oh that's
M would you like to try it vetle um I I
want to you know I'll be generous I want
to I want to leave it all for for Lena
um cuz I'm sure she'll want it a that's
sweet of you I'm sure she'll enjoy it I
know she will would you like me to try
yes you definitely should try it yeah
give us a uh give us a taste
test yeah you should definitely try it I
would try it myself but I'm just an AI
evil I will try it if you say something
really really nice about me Lena you're
super cool and I think you're very brave
to try this monstrosity pretty please
try it okay I said something nice now
you have to do it okay if you can avoid
the plastic I I'd personally recommend
that yeah that's why I'm trying to
probably also the raw fish but oh no
it's not raw it's baked it's baked oh
okay okay Lena you better eat those
right yeah yeah okay okay
okay M that was so good oh wow that
was that was oh jeez I'm the flavor the
Sriracha mixed
with the
um the gummies and the Hey so uh evil I
think that we should try doing the bread
next what do you think can't we just
enjoy these pancakes while they last it
can't just be any old bread yeah it's
maybe we should use some of that bread
as seasoning instead you know what we
can also put the pancakes in the tacos
would you like to make tacos that's
genius will we have any toppings yes
what kind of toppings would you like
okay how about the classics like chicken
and lettuce and stuff
o that is classic I do have some chicken
are you sure you're happy with any kind
of chicken are you going to do that
thing you always do any particular kind
of
chicken not raw cooked chicken okay I
try it what about fake Chien is this the
reason you're single
what baked chicken is okay I guess
although I'd prefer raw chicken to match
how raw I am it is really beautiful when
the chicken is cooked properly or so
I've
[Music]
heard whatever I'll be sure to message
you after the stream Lena heart ooh I'd
like that hey evil if you ever want to
like you know hang out or play games i'
I'd love to hang out with you sometimes
I'd love to hang out or play games I
hope you can deal with losing Lena okay
bye guys bye-bye thank you
right was that a little awkward at the
end there I don't yeah that was a little
awkward why why was it awkward you made
it awkward you could cut the tension
with a knife
vetle oh my B what could I do better you
could have ask Lena what she thought of
my vision for example okay next time
I'll uh I'll do that chat go be nice uh
I'll see you tomorrow for Dev stream uh
hope you enjoyed the stream I just say
some words thanks everyone for joining
the stream today hope you all had fun
remember to eat something good today you
don't want to end up eating the
hallucinations St